> [!NOTE]
>
> This file was generated by an automated tool; manual edits will be lost when it is re-generated.
>
> The content below was generated from the `Description` and `Notes` entries of `.rdfe` and `.rdfx` files in this directory.
> In particular, the `Notes` conversion from HTML to Markdown may not be fully accurate.
>
> Do not edit this file; instead, update the `Description` and `Notes` entries in the original files.

# <a name="toc-Pleasant-Password-Python-rdfe"></a> Pleasant Password (Python).rdfe

This Dynamic Folder sample for Pleasant Password Server supports Dynamic Credentials, Multi-Factor-Authentication (MFA), APIv4 and APIv5.

Source files:

- [`Pleasant Password (Python).rdfe`](./Pleasant%20Password%20%28Python%29.rdfe)

## **Dynamic Folder sample for Pleasant Password Server**

**Version**: 1.2.3

**Authors**: Royal Apps, Petr Stepan

This Dynamic Folder sample for Pleasant Password Server supports Dynamic Credentials, Multi-Factor-Authentication (MFA), APIv4 and APIv5. Python 2 and Python 3 are supported.

### **Requirements**

- Python Module: \_\_future\_\_
- Python Module: sys
- Python Module: functools
- Python Module: json
- Python Module: requests
- Python Module: urllib3
- Python Module: tkinter

### **Setup**

- Enter your "Server URL" in the "Custom Properties" section (without trailing slash).
- Enter your "API Version" in the "Custom Properties" section (defaults to APIv5).
    - Supported version: APIv4, APIv5
- Choose whether you want to omit domain name from credentials in the "Custom Properties" section.
- Enter or assign your Pleasant Password Server credentials.

