> [!NOTE]
>
> This file was generated by an automated tool; manual edits will be lost when it is re-generated.
>
> The content below was generated from the `Description` and `Notes` entries of `.rdfe` and `.rdfx` files in this directory.
> In particular, the `Notes` conversion from HTML to Markdown may not be fully accurate.
>
> Do not edit this file; instead, update the `Description` and `Notes` entries in the original files.

# <a name="toc-Hetzner-Cloud-Python-rdfe"></a> Hetzner Cloud (Python).rdfe

This Dynamic Folder script will list all your servers for the given API Key of the Hetzner Cloud.

Source files:

- [`Hetzner Cloud (Python).rdfe`](./Hetzner%20Cloud%20%28Python%29.rdfe)
- [`Hetzner Cloud (Python).script.autogen.py`](./Hetzner%20Cloud%20%28Python%29.script.autogen.py)

## 
		Dynamic Folder support for Hetzner Cloud

	
Version: 1.0
Author: Max Schmitt

This Dynamic Folder script will list all your servers for the given API Key of the Hetzner Cloud.

Prerequisites

- [Hetzner Cloud Command Line Interface](https://github.com/hetznercloud/cli) (CLI) needs to be installed, so it's binary is available in the PATH environment variable.

	
### 
		Setup

- Enter your API Key, which you've got from the Hetzner Cloud Console and place it under the Custom Properties section of the Dynamic Folder. There's a property"API Key", which is used to store the API Key of your project.

	
### 
		Notes

- Per default the auto created servers are setup to inherit their credentials from the Dynamic Folder. So if you set their the credentials all underlying servers will use them.

