> [!NOTE]
>
> This file was generated by an automated tool; manual edits will be lost when it is re-generated.
>
> The content below was generated from the `Description` and `Notes` entries of `.rdfe` and `.rdfx` files in this directory.
> In particular, the `Notes` conversion from HTML to Markdown may not be fully accurate.
>
> Do not edit this file; instead, update the `Description` and `Notes` entries in the original files.

# <a name="toc-Port-Scan-Python-rdfe"></a> Port Scan (Python).rdfe

This Dynamic Folder sample scans your main network interface's IP subnet for open ports.

Source files:

- [`Port Scan (Python).rdfe`](./Port%20Scan%20%28Python%29.rdfe)
- [`Port Scan (Python).script.autogen.py`](./Port%20Scan%20%28Python%29.script.autogen.py)

## **Port Scan Dynamic Folder sample**

**Version**: 1.0

**Author**: Royal Applications

This Dynamic Folder sample scans your main network interface's IP subnet for open ports. The connection types/ports to scan can be configured in the "Custom Properties" section.

### **Note**

Port scans can take a very long time depending on your subnet size, the number of ports enabled for scanning and the configured connection timeout. Please be patient and/or adjust the configuration as needed.

### **Requirements**

- Python Module: netifaces

### **Setup**

- Enable or disable the connection types you want to be scanned in the "Custom Properties" section.
- Configure a timeout (in seconds) for each scanned port in the "Custom Properties" section.

