> [!NOTE]
>
> This file was generated by an automated tool; manual edits will be lost when it is re-generated.
>
> The content below was generated from the `Description` and `Notes` entries of `.rdfe` and `.rdfx` files in this directory.
> In particular, the `Notes` conversion from HTML to Markdown may not be fully accurate.
>
> Do not edit this file; instead, update the `Description` and `Notes` entries in the original files.

# <a name="toc-Attached-Serial-Devices-PowerShell-Windows-Mac-rdfx"></a> Attached Serial Devices (PowerShell - Windows & Mac).rdfx

Version 2.3. Compatible with Windows or Mac (PowerShell must be installed). This script utilizes PowerShell to generate a list of available serial devices, along with RTS Custom Properties defining speeds and framing settings, to generate a set of Terminal connections for each combination of port/speed/framing.

Source files:

- [`Attached Serial Devices (PowerShell - Windows & Mac).rdfx`](./Attached%20Serial%20Devices%20%28PowerShell%20-%20Windows%20%26%20Mac%29.rdfx)
- [`Attached Serial Devices (PowerShell - Windows & Mac).script.autogen.ps1`](./Attached%20Serial%20Devices%20%28PowerShell%20-%20Windows%20%26%20Mac%29.script.autogen.ps1)

# 		Attached Serial Devices Dynamic Folder
	
This script utilizes PowerShell to generate a list of available serial devices, along with RTS Custom Properties defining speeds and framing settings, to generate a set of Terminal connections for each combination of port/speed/framing.

The resulting folder structure will look something like the following:

Attached Serial Devices

|-- USB Serial Device (COM12)

|   |-- COM12 9600 8N1

|   |-- COM12 9600 7E1

|   |-- COM12 19200 8N1

|   `-- COM12 19200 7E1

`-- USB-SERIAL CH340 (COM34)

    |-- COM34 9600 8N1

    |-- COM34 9600 7E1

    |-- COM34 19200 8N1

    `-- COM34 19200 7E1

## 		Requirements
	
Installation of PowerShell for Mac OS.

Setting the execution policy of PowerShell to Remote Signed for Windows.

## 		Custom Properties
	
### 		Port Speeds
	
This field must contain comma-separated list of serial port speeds in numeric format.

- Example 1: 9600
- Example 2: 9600,19200,115200

	
### 		Frame Settings
	
This field must contain comma-separated list of serial port framing standards (8N1, 7E1, etc) in alphanumeric format, and each entry must be in double quotes.

- Example 1: "8N1"
- Example 2: "8N1","7E1"

